Skip to content


commu-space001
Files
Commands
Search
Packager files
Config files
/

python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:5000
18s
 • 
Just now
KindredSpace - Community Sharing Platform
Overview
KindredSpace is a Django-based web application designed as a Japanese community sharing platform. Its core purpose is to facilitate the giving and requesting of items or skills among users without monetary exchange. The platform incorporates location-based functionalities using Japanese postal codes and geocoding, aiming to foster local community engagement and resource sharing. It includes robust user profiles with dynamic reputation scores, peer-to-peer rating systems, and a focus on intuitive Japanese-language UI.

Recent Changes (December 2024)
Streamlined location filtering to one-click operation (removed modal for seamless UX)
Implemented mobile-responsive location button (icon-only beside logo with unified green styling)
Fixed header button layout shift using min-width and x-cloak for Alpine.js initialization
Made post creation form's display_area field user-editable for customization
Unified green button styling across mobile and desktop (bg-primary, hover:bg-primary-dark)
Enhanced debugging infrastructure with comprehensive frontend and backend logging
User Preferences
I prefer iterative development with clear, concise explanations for each step. Please ensure that all new features and modifications are well-documented. I value clean code and maintainable solutions. Before making any major architectural changes or introducing new external dependencies, please ask for my approval. Ensure all user-facing text is in Japanese where appropriate. I prefer detailed explanations for complex features.

System Architecture
UI/UX Decisions
The platform features an eco-friendly green color scheme (#4CAF50) as the primary brand color, used for buttons, forms, and accents, while the header is a clean off-white (bg-gray-50) for a professional look. The header implements a unified green button aesthetic with clear visual hierarchy: the "検索" (Search) button features green background with white text and rounded-r-lg corners, "Create Post" is styled as a primary CTA button with green background and white text, and "Home" is a secondary green text link with bold font-weight. All navigation elements use proper spacing with gap-6 utilities for consistent layout. The search bar uses a flex container layout creating a seamless, unified component where the input field and "検索" button share a single border with inset shadow styling. The button integrates perfectly into the right side of the search container using rounded-r-lg, while the input uses transparent background to blend seamlessly. The entire search component displays a focus ring when active using focus-within.

The home page uses a JMTY-inspired responsive grid layout displaying posts as minimal cards. The grid adapts from 3 columns on desktop (lg), 2 columns on tablet (md), to 1 column on mobile. Each post card features a 4:3 aspect ratio image with an overlaid post type badge (提供/依頼), clickable title with line-clamp truncation, and prominent location display using the display_area field (e.g., "大阪市 淀川区"). Cards maintain uniform heights and provide a clean, scannable interface focused on essential information - full details appear when users click through to individual post pages.

It includes responsive design for all components, an auto-hiding header on scroll, and dynamic hero background carousels with pagination using Swiper.js. User profiles are professionally redesigned with enlarged photos, prominent names, enhanced statistics, and gradient trust metric bars.

Mobile-Responsive Location Button:

Desktop: Full text button "現在地を使用" with location icon, unified green styling (bg-primary hover:bg-primary-dark)
Mobile: Icon-only button beside logo (md:hidden), same green styling for visual consistency
Both use x-cloak to prevent layout shifts during Alpine.js initialization
Clear filter button (✕) appears when location filter is active
Technical Implementations
Backend: Django 5.2.6 (Python 3.12)
Frontend: HTML templates with Tailwind CSS
Database: SQLite (development)
Image Handling: Pillow for image uploads.
Authentication: Custom authentication system with Japanese-language login/signup pages, secure logout, and next parameter handling for redirects.
User Profiles: Comprehensive UserProfile model with fields for profile picture, bio, dynamic reputation_score, total_contributions, success_rate, location_display, is_verified, and followers_count. Includes a bulletproof profile safety system using context processors and template filters to prevent RelatedObjectDoesNotExist errors.
Peer-to-Peer Rating: Review model for 1-5 star ratings and comments, automatically calculating user reputation scores.
Follow System: Follow model implementing follower/following relationships with dynamic count calculation and a toggle follow/unfollow view.
Posts: Users can create GIVE (offering) or REQUEST (seeking) posts with image uploads, location data (Japanese postal codes), and a tag/category system. Posts display visual badges for type and link to user profiles. The display_area field is user-editable for custom location descriptions.
Search: Functionality to search by title, body, artist, and tags.
Location-Based Filtering: Browser geolocation API integration with Haversine distance calculation to filter posts within a 10km radius. Features include:
One-click "現在地を使用" button (no modal, direct activation)
Mobile icon-only button beside logo with unified green styling
SessionStorage persistence for location preferences across sessions
Dynamic UI indicator showing active filter with clear button (✕)
Backend filtering using Haversine formula with Decimal-to-float conversion
Resilient error handling (per-post validation, graceful fallbacks)
Posts sorted by distance (closest first) with distance badges
Supports valid 0.0 coordinates (equator/prime meridian)
Feature Specifications
User authentication with Japanese UI.
User profiles with community metrics, trust scores, and activity tabs.
Peer-to-peer rating system with dynamic reputation scores.
Post creation with image uploads, location, and privacy options.
Search functionality.
Follow/unfollow system for users.
Custom authentication pages (/login/, /signup/, /logout/).
One-click location filtering with mobile-responsive design.
System Design Choices
Configured for Replit compatibility with 0.0.0.0:5000 for the development server and ALLOWED_HOSTS = ['*'].
Deployment configured for Autoscale with Gunicorn.
Uses LOGIN_URL and LOGIN_REDIRECT_URL for custom authentication flow.
Context processors and template filters ensure safe access to user profiles and post owners, preventing errors.
Uses x-cloak and min-width utilities to prevent layout shifts during Alpine.js initialization.
External Dependencies
ZipCloud API: Used for Japanese postal code lookup.
Nominatim/OpenStreetMap: Used for geocoding services.
Swiper.js: Integrated for hero background carousels.
Alpine.js: Used for dynamic UI behaviors like the auto-hiding header and location filtering.
Python Packages:
Django 5.2.6
Pillow 11.1.0
beautifulsoup4 4.12.3
requests 2.32.3
gunicorn 23.0.0
Key Files
templates/includes/header.html - Main header with location button, search, navigation
templates/a_posts/home.html - Home page with hero carousel and post grid
templates/a_posts/post_grid_item.html - Individual post card component
templates/a_posts/post_create.html - Post creation form
a_posts/views.py - Post views including location filtering logic
a_posts/models.py - Post and related models
a_posts/forms.py - Post creation/edit forms
Add a notification system with a bell icon and alert badge
Checkpoint made
Add location-based filtering for posts with improved error handling
Worked for 20 minutes
I need to add a prominent title above the "ALL AVAILABLE ITEMS" post grid, similar to Jimoti's style, to clearly introduce the content below it.

Goal: Insert a new div with a descriptive title directly above the post grid, styled to be clear and readable.

Checkpoint made
Update button colors and layout for better visual appeal
use a clean, bold Japanese title like ""みんなのシェア" (Community Shares),

ok lets do it

Checkpoint made
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Worked for 2 minutes
I need to add a thin horizontal line directly beneath the new section title bar (.section-title-bar) to visually separate it from the post grid below, referencing the clean design of Jimoti.

Goal: Apply a border-bottom CSS property to the title bar container.

ok do it

Checkpoint made
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Worked for 2 minutes
make it a little bold the horizontal line

Checkpoint made
Make the horizontal line bolder and darker
Worked for 58 seconds
I need to update the search bar's placeholder text and change the "検索" (Search) button's styling to match the reference (white background, green border, green text). and remove the magnifier icon also .

Goal: Enhance the search bar's user guidance and integrate the button with a cleaner, outlined design.

change the placeholder text to " 何をお探しですか？"

do it now

Let's update the search bar now!


3 checkpoints that were rolled back
how about just beside the logo icon in mobile also

進めて

Checkpoint made
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Worked for 2 minutes
make the mobile map icon color and hover color also same with デスクトップ

進めて

Checkpoint made
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Worked for 2 minutes
give me a report of about this project

このサイトの特徴機能を出して欲しい

make a presentation slide outline for thid project

update the replit.md file

更新して

現在のreplit.mdを確認して、最新のプロジェクト状態に合わせて更新する

Checkpoint made
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Worked for 1 minute
give me a report of about current this project

i want to create a poster for this project i dont have any specific idea yet my target audiam is japanese people

1.案3: 「助け合い」フォーカス
2.サイズ：A1サイズ（横：594mm * 縦：841mm）

Worked for 9 seconds
1.案3: 「助け合い」フォーカス
2.サイズ：A1サイズ（横：594mm * 縦：841mm）

写真/イラスト、両方とも好みです
4.KindredSpace は コミュニティ向けシェアリングプラットフォームです。金銭を介さずに物品やスキルを「提供」「依頼」で交換し、地域コミュニティの絆を深めることを目的としています。
can u create a refrence poster?

顧客セグメント?

このサイトのサービスについてリーンキャンバスを記載してみる
まず顧客セグメントはなんでしょう？

はい

リーンキャンバスの中身を後期期末までに完成する状態で
見直してみる。
見直してみた概要を記載しましょう。
実際の結果は、個々のリーンキャンバスを見て、評価を付けます

全部の内容をまとめて出して

KindredSpace リーンキャンバス（見直し版）を作文としてまとめた内容を出して

実現したい機能を記載する
*
複数の機能を列挙しても大丈夫。
プロダクト全体を完成させたいという大きな目標は、なお良し。

優先度：高 を次の更新するとき追加機能として作文でまとめて欲しい

その機能の成功は、どんな状態か？
*
具体的なデータの内容や数（量）、どんな効果が出るか？など詳しく記載する。
作文でまとめて欲しい

成功状態をどのように試すか？
*
成功の基準を詳しく書きます。
（例）
・使用感をインタビューしたユーザーが10名以上面白いと答えた。
・100件中、90件の正解が出た。

現在完成してる

Worked for 8 seconds
現在完成してる機能を見直して成功の基準を詳しい内容を作文でまとめて書いて欲しい

特徴を50文字以上書いて欲しい

You have reached your free quota limit

Checkpoint made
Add a notification system with a bell icon and alert badge

Scroll to latest

Ask questions, plan your work…
commu-space001 - Replit
Attached file
Pasted-Task-Implement-a-Real-Time-Notification-Center-and-Head_1768439045624.txt
Task: Implement a Real-Time Notification Center and Header integration based on the requirements below.

Context & Tech Stack:

Language: [e.g., TypeScript / Python]

Frontend: [e.g., React / Next.js / HTML+Jinja]

Styling: [e.g., Tailwind CSS / CSS Modules]

Backend/DB: [e.g., Node.js + PostgreSQL / Flask + SQLite]

Icons: [e.g., Lucide React / FontAwesome]

Objective: Create a notification system where a user sees a Bell icon in the header. When clicked, it redirects to a dedicated /notifications page. The icon must show a red badge for unread items. The list view must display detailed notification cards.

Step-by-Step Implementation Instructions:

1. Database Schema & Backend

Create a Notification model/table with the following fields:

id (Primary Key)

recipient_id (User relation)

sender_id (User relation, nullable for system messages)

message (Text)

is_read (Boolean, default false)

created_at (Timestamp)

Create an API endpoint (e.g., GET /api/notifications) that returns the list sorted by created_at (newest first).

Create an endpoint or logic to get the unread count for the badge.

2. Header Component (The Trigger)

Locate the existing navigation/header bar.

Add a Bell Icon.

Real-time Logic:

Fetch the unread count on load.

Implementation Strategy: Use polling (every 30 seconds) or WebSockets (if available) to update this count automatically.

Visuals: If unread_count > 0, render a small Red Badge absolute-positioned over the top-right corner of the bell containing the number.

Interaction: Ensure clicking the Bell icon redirects the user to /notifications.

3. Notification List Page (/notifications)

Create a new page/view for the Notification Center.

Fetch the full list of notifications.

UI Layout (Data Display):

Render a list of items. Each item must be a distinct card or row.

Avatar: Display the Sender's avatar on the left. If no sender (system message), use a default generic icon.

Content: Display the message. Apply CSS truncation (e.g., line-clamp-2 or text-overflow) to limit it to max 2 lines.

Timestamp: Display a relative time string (e.g., "5 mins ago", "2 days ago") next to the content. Use a library like date-fns or a helper function for this.

Empty State:

If the list length is 0, display a centered, user-friendly message: "You're all caught up!" with a subtle icon.

4. Styling & Polish

Ensure the Notifications Page looks clean and distinct from the rest of the content.

Use standard padding and border separators between notification items.

Mark notifications as "read" when the user visits this page (optional extra: trigger an API call to clear the badge count).

Acceptance Criteria Checklist:

[ ] Bell icon redirects to Notifications Page.

[ ] Red numerical badge appears automatically on new messages.

[ ] List shows Avatar, Message (2-line max), and Relative Timestamp.

[ ] Empty state displays "You're all caught up!".

💡 How to use this prompt effectively
Fill in the placeholders: Replace [e.g., React] with your actual stack so the Agent writes the correct code.

Define "Real-Time": If you don't have a WebSocket server set up, the Agent will likely default to "Polling" (checking the server every X seconds). This is usually sufficient for an MVP.

Mock Data: If your database isn't populated, you can add this line to the end of the prompt:

"Please generate a seed script or mock data so I can test the notifications immediately."